# Tuesday, 1/11/2022

- Basic group organization, went over what happened over break
- Setup GitHub, added all members
- Discussed personal computer setup, made list of software needed

## Actions

1. [x] All members: Install software on personal machines

# Thursday, 1/13/2022

- Checked stock on BoM. SLA and RPi were out of stock.
- Group members installing tools on their personal machines
- Made changes to schedule

## Actions

2. [x] Nawras: Find alternative vendor for RPi
3. [x] Owen: Find alternative for battery
4. [x] Adam: Design robot chassis

# Tuesday, 1/18/2022

- Ahmed was the only other group member present
- Converted parts list to the required format
  - Parts list had already been submitted, so this wasn't necessary
- Checked in on part status, no news yet

## Actions

5. [x] Ahmed: design mixing chamber
6. [x] Owen: design valves

# Thursday, 1/20/2022

- All members present
- Went over work done on actions this week
- Planned out some basic website structure
- Decided to meet once a week on Thursday, got Dr. Palmer's approval
- Decided to annex table 28, since it has a power outlet
- Tested access point using laptop on campus, but it ran into some issues
  - Could possibly be the different wifi card not behaving the same
  - Could possibly be something from CaTS blocking access points

## Actions

7. [x] Nawras: set up flask web server
8. [x] Mark: find API documentation
9. [x] Mark: set up admin page
10. [x] Owen: find out how to set up a RPi as a hotspot

# Thursday, 1/27/2022

- Adam was absent
- Mark making good progress on admin page
- Owen has first deliverable for 3D printed valve parts, forgot to bring the part in
- Ahmed has rough design ready for mixing chamber
- Nawras has flask server framework set up
- Owen has found how to make a RPi hotspot
- Owen and Ahmed waiting for communication from Adam about dimenstions

## Actions

11. [x] Owen: Check on status of part orders


# Thursday, 2/3/2022

- Meeting held online
- Adam had made no actual progress on chassis design
- Most of meeting was just going over how the chassis will lay out and how it will work

## Actions

12. [ ] Owen: 3D print parts
13. [x] ~~Adam~~ Mark: Program line following algorithm 


# Thursday, 2/10/2022

- Adam presented draft of chassis design, design did not meet the specifications given and will need to be modified
- Reassigned line following algorithm to Mark
- Planned thread structure for the programs
- Adam had to leave early

## Actions

14. [x] Nawras: Make front end
15. [x] Owen: Main program/glue thread

# Thursday, 2/17/2022

- Late start due to weather and Dr. Buck's mini lecture
- Part orders were never placed on the backend. Lisa Morris has the ordered in and they have started arriving
- Chassis approaching final printable state
- Not much work to do, mostly we're just waiting on parts and printing


## Actions

No new actions assigned

# Thursday, 2/24/2022

- Waiting for parts to come in still, no new tasks being assigned for spring break

## Actions

No new actions assigned


# Thursday, 3/10/2022

- All parts are in
- Adam finalized the chassis design
- All parts and designs in, tasks assigned to start assembly

## Actions

16. [x] Adam: Assemble chassis
17. [x] Owen: Assemble valves
18. [ ] Ahmed: Assemble mixing chamber
19. [x] Nawras: Install software on pi
20. [x] Mark: Program status LEDs

# Thursday, 4/7/2022

- Owen and Ahmed were present
- Owen tested valves, will need adjusted to get a good seal when closed
- Owen added motor control to the line following script

## Actions

21. [ ] Owen: Calibrate valves
22. [ ] Owen: Make camera standoff